📝(content) Join us in the ChromeOS developer community on Discord! (#602)
chromeos/chromeos.dev: site/en/posts/join-us-in-the-chromeos-developer-community-on-discord.md

---
title: 'Join us in the ChromeOS developer community on Discord!'
metadesc: The ChromeOS developer community is now on Discord. Join Google Developers Online to discuss web dev and PWAs, Android, Flutter, game development, app publishing, and more.

tags:
  - announcement
  - web
  - android
  - games
  - linux
authors:
  - samrichard
date: 2023-02-06
---

Join our fast-growing community of ChromeOS developers in the [Google Developers Online](https://discord.gg/googledevelopersonline) Discord server! In Google Developers Online, you can interact with a thriving community of professional developers, Google Developer Experts, and Google Developer Advocates.

We recently introduced two channels to Google Developers Online, under the ChromeOS section: [`#everything-chromeos`](https://discord.com/channels/1009525727504384150/1065730991026602056) and [`#chromeos-announcements`](https://discord.com/channels/1009525727504384150/1065731059154698282).

## Connect with other devs on #everything-chromeos

> On `#everything-chromeos`, you can ask questions and get advice from other ChromeOS developers and Developer Advocates. Find out what ChromeOS can do—and explore a diverse development community that includes web dev and PWAs, Android, Flutter, and more. Whether you want to develop [games on ChromeOS](https://chromeos.dev/en/games), experiment with [Linux and Crostini](https://chromeos.dev/en/productivity/experimental-features), or publish your app [on Google Play](https://chromeos.dev/en/publish), `#everything-chromeos` is the place to start the conversation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In `#everything-chromeos`, you can ask questions and get advice from other ChromeOS developers and Developer Advocates. Find out what ChromeOS can do—and explore a diverse development community that includes web dev and PWAs, Android, Flutter, and more. Whether you want to develop [games on ChromeOS](/{{locale.code}}/games), experiment with [Linux and Crostini](/{{locale.code}}/productivity/experimental-features), or publish your app [on Google Play](/{{locale.code}}/en/publish), `#everything-chromeos` is the place to start the conversation.
```

## Quick access to news and updates

Moving forward, `#chromeos-announcements` will provide a feed of essential information and news regarding ChromeOS. Discover newly released features on the platform—and insights into how developers are using ChromeOS to reach new audiences and serve their existing users.

!!! aside.message--tip

> **Tip:** Want the best of ChromeOS delivered straight to your inbox? Subscribe to our [ChromeOS newsletter](https://chromeos.dev/en/subscribe).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Tip:** Want the best of ChromeOS delivered straight to your inbox? Subscribe to our [ChromeOS newsletter](/{{locale.code}}/subscribe).
```
